Captions for example figures made by diaObjectAnalysis.py and plotLightcurve.py
--------

All figures were generated with the scripts diaObjectAnalysis.py and
plotLightcurve.py after running ap_pipe on the ap_verify_hits2015 dataset
(see https://github.com/lsst/ap_verify_hits2015).


cw_processed2_objSky.png

All valid DIA (Difference Image Analysis) Objects from the PPDB
(Prompt Products Database), which is created at the end of an ap_pipe run,
plotted on the sky. Each of the DIA Objects have been detected as a variable
object in the sky, likely of astrophysical origin.
Each point is a single DIA Object. Each DIA Object is composed of one or more
DIA Sources. DIA Sources correspond to images in which an object was
detected in a difference image. Larger points and yellower (lighter) points
represent DIA Objects with more DIA Sources.

cw_processed2_objHist.png

Histogram of all valid DIA Objects from the PPDB (dark blue). As in the
previous figure, some DIA Objects are composed of more DIA Sources than others.
A filter has been applied to select only the DIA Objects composed of at least
15 DIA Sources in which none of those sources have a quality flag. These
DIA Objects are overplotted in light blue. The dropoff at 28 Sources per Object
is due to the partial overlap of two of the three DECam fields in the test
dataset used (ap_verify_hits2015).

cw_processed2_lcs.pdf

A few DIA Object light curves displayed together with image cutouts of a
processed visit image (i.e., calexp), the reference coadd template, and a
difference image. Each light curve has multiple points, and only a single
representative processed image and difference image are shown. Most if not all
of the DIA Objects shown here are likely artifacts; this plot illustrates
a useful way to visualize ap_pipe output. The DIA Object ID is printed in the
middle of each page.

cw_processed2_cos.pdf

All of the processed visit image (i.e., calexp) cutouts and difference image
cutouts corresponding to the light curves in the previous figure. The cutouts
are small to leave room for cases where a DIA Object has up to 56 DIA Sources.
The DIA Object ID is printed at the top of each page. All cutouts use a
display normalized via a z-scale interval and a square-root stretch. Again,
most if not all of the DIA Objects shown here are likely artifacts and not real
astrophysical objects.
